Title: Install NGINX on EC2 and Deploy a "Hello World" App
Prerequisites

    AWS account
    AWS CLI installed and configured
    Key pair created in AWS for SSH access to the EC2 instance
    Security group with appropriate rules to allow SSH (port 22) and HTTP (port 80) access
Step-by-Step Guide
A. Create an EC2 Instance

    1.Log in to the AWS Management Console.

    2.Navigate to the EC2 Dashboard:
        Click on Services at the top left and select EC2 under the Compute section.
3.Launch a New Instance:

    Click on the Launch Instance button.

4.Choose an Amazon Machine Image (AMI):

    Select an AMI, such as Amazon Linux 2 AMI (HVM), SSD Volume Type.

5.Choose an Instance Type:

    Select an instance type, such as t2.micro (eligible for the free tier).
6.Configure Instance Details:

    Leave the default settings and click Next: Add Storage.

7.Add Storage:

    Leave the default settings and click Next: Add Tags.
8.Configure Security Group:

    Create a new security group with the following rules:
        Type: SSH, Protocol: TCP, Port Range: 22, Source: My IP
        Type: HTTP, Protocol: TCP, Port Range: 80, Source: 0.0.0.0/0
    Click Review and Launch
9.Review and Launch:

    Click Launch.
    Select an existing key pair or create a new key pair, then acknowledge that you have access to the selected key pair.
    Click Launch Instances.
10.View Instances:

    Click on View Instances to see the status of your instance.
    Wait until the instance state changes to running.
B.Connect to the EC2 Instance

    1.Get the Public DNS (IPv4) of the Instance:
        In the EC2 Dashboard, select your instance.
        Note the Public DNS (IPv4) address.
2.Connect to the Instance 
C.Install NGINX
1.Update the Package List:
sudo apt update
    This command updates the list of available packages and their versions.
2.Install NGINX:
sudo apt install nginx
    This command installs the NGINX web server package.

3.Check the Status of NGINX:
sudo service nginx status
    This command checks the status of the NGINX service to ensure it is running.

4.Verify NGINX Installation:
curl localhost
    This command sends a request to the NGINX server running on the local machine. You should see the default NGINX welcome page HTML in the output.
D. Deploy "Hello World" App

    1.Navigate to the Web Root Directory:
cd /var/www/html/
2.Create a Simple "Hello World" HTML Page:
echo "Hello World" | sudo tee index.html
    This command creates a new index.html file with the content "Hello World".
3.Access the Web Page:

    >Open a web browser.
    >Enter the Public DNS address of your EC2 instance.
    >You should see the "Hello World" message displayed on the page.

